Add Cypress and Playwright instructions to bun testing (#5503)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/recipes/bun.mdx

bun ./dist/server/entry.mjs
```

## Testing in Bun

Bun ships with a fast, built-in, Jest-compatible test runner through the `bun test` command. If you like to use that read [`bun test` documentation](https://bun.sh/docs/cli/test).

> However, you may want to use Cypress or Playwright for a modern approach to testing web apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is also possible to use Cypress or Playwright for a modern approach to testing web apps.
```
I feel like this slight adjustment introduces the sections below a little better. "You might want to use..." is kind of a flat, "so what?" statement on its own that feels like it needs a follow up, "If so, then..."  Just saying stuff is possible gets to the point a little quicker!

> However, you may want to use Cypress or Playwright for a modern approach to testing web apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is also possible to use Cypress or Playwright for a modern approach to testing web apps.
```

### Cypress

Cypress is a front-end testing tool and is on a mission to "make the testing experience enjoyable and generate developer happiness". This enables you to write end-to-end tests for your Astro site.

> You can install Cypress like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Cypress with the following command:
```
Whenever it makes reasonable sense, we prefer to give direct instructions. So, something like the above, or, "To install Cypress, use the following command:"

You have to imagine that the response to "you can..." is always, "I know I *can*... should I? Do I want to? Is there another way?"  Just tell people what to do!  It makes them feel more confident in what's going to happen!

> You can install Cypress like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Cypress with the following command:
```

```bash
bun add cypress --dev
```

> For the rest of the configuration and to start your first test, follow the rest of Cypress process in the [Astro Testing Guide](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/testing/#configuration).

Reviewer: This is a beautiful sentence, and an excellent use of linking. No notes. Much respect.

### Playwright

> Playwright is an end-to-end testing framework, which means that it allows you to test your Astro code on all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright is an end-to-end testing framework that allows you to test your Astro code on all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox.
```
We can just tighten this up a bit!

> Playwright is an end-to-end testing framework, which means that it allows you to test your Astro code on all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright is an end-to-end testing framework that allows you to test your Astro code on all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox.
```

> You can install Playwright using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Playwright using the following command:
```

> You can install Playwright using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Playwright using the following command:
```

> For the rest of the configuration and to start your first test, follow the rest of Cypress process in the [Astro Testing Guide](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/testing/#configuration).
> 
> ### Playwright
> 
> Playwright is an end-to-end testing framework that allows you to test your Astro code on all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox.
> 
> Install Playwright using the following command:
> 
> ```bash
> bun create playwright
> ```
> 
> To create your first Playwright test, follow the intructions for the rest of the Playwright process in the [Astro Testing Guide](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/testing/#create-your-first-playwright-test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the rest of the configuration and to start your first test, follow the rest of Cypress process in the [Astro Testing Guide](/en/guides/testing/#configuration).

### Playwright

Playwright is an end-to-end testing framework that allows you to test your Astro code on all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox.

Install Playwright using the following command:

```bash
bun create playwright
```

To create your first Playwright test, follow the intructions for the rest of the Playwright process in the [Astro Testing Guide](/en/guides/testing/#create-your-first-playwright-test).
```
